tell about when you were 14 and tried to
dunk on your mom oh I mean she fou me
that's she laid into you pretty good I F
me I I get my competitiveness from my
mother that's for sure how so she she's
she's the the competitive one my father
is competitive but he's kind of you know
and that's amazing because your father
was a professional athlete yeah but you
know he's kind of like you know this
very happy you know go-lucky guy who
hasn't mean streak in him but you know
he he's like you know he's such a
extrovert you know my mom's the real the
real
firecracker how well do you recall the
first time you beat your father in
basketball yeah I remember it was a war
I I remember that and you know after I
beat him I remember he never played me
again ever that was it that was it he
didn't want me to to kind of get him
back for all the years where he was
kicking my butt in the backyard you ever
ask him to play again oh sure all the
time all the time what does he say no
how how physical was that last year it
was extremely physical you know my
father he's always you taught me the
little tricks of the game like what you
know what I mean like how to get away
with a foul here you know how to get a
little extra step here A little nudge
here so but the only way he you know the
way to really show me was to do it to me
so I had a lot of I had a lot of bruises
man had a couple bloody lips really oh
yeah oh yeah for more clips from this
interview visit gr Bens singer.com
[Music]